Aremo ms/sample4 3 basher (#656)
Azure-Samples/active-directory-aspnetcore-webapp-openidconnect-v2: 4-WebApp-your-API/4-3-AnyOrg/Readme.md

    1. Select the **Add a permission** button and then:
    1. Ensure that the **Microsoft APIs** tab is selected.
    1. In the *Commonly used Microsoft APIs* section, select **Microsoft Graph**

>     1. In the **Delegated permissions** section, select **User.Read.All** in the list. Use the search box if necessary. **The scope should get an Admin Consent, so don't forget to ass it manually**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. In the **Delegated permissions** section, select **User.Read.All** in the list. Use the search box if necessary. This permission requires **Admin Consent**, so please select **Grant admin consent**.
```

Author: updated
